Didn't you say you love me very much?
Then prove it to me.
You frog from here to there.
I promise to be your girlfriend
OK
Hahaha
What did you put on my head?
You want to know?
Then you can learn a few toad calls haha
Breeze
Even if you don't promise me
There's no need to humiliate me like this
Humiliation
You toad
Confessing to me is the greatest humiliation to me
Humph Toad
What are you doing with your fists clenched?
Do you remember when
While leaping on the playground?
I don't have time to go through old accounts with you today
Go away and yell at me
Court death, right?
Secretary Zhang
You don't know that this kid is not timid
He asked the general manager to see him just now. What?
This kind of toad still wants to meet the general manager
What a laugh
I don't have the time or the mood to talk nonsense with you
Get out of the way